[Music]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
oh yeah breaking with you oh yeah
welcome back to Lady Babylon satanic initiation it's good to have you tonight
we are full packed we are going to have a lot of input from the outside and
ultimately we're going in deep deep deep deep more drugs more drugs warning more
drugs we're going to be talking about more drugs from antiquity yeah a little more right
and we get to bring back one of my favorites pindar pendar
tonight on lady Babylon
[Music]
foreign
new sections I want to talk about input from you guys so can we have a new can
we have the display of our first segment called
viewer input [Music]
dramatic dramatic indeed dramatic indeed um let's pull up a couple of comments
there I want you people to see what you are saying what do we have tonight let
me just read that one out the word from Mark is for robber not quote unquote
child trafficker right doesn't just see this use the word for the rebels often wouldn't that make much
more contextual sense cow the ride at the start right at the start
get that down Jeremiah thank you but you know that every time somebody brings up
Josephus that an angel cracks one right in your face
um no and you're not right we're gonna look at the word and we're
gonna look at that child trafficker as part of our time together tonight so
perfectly relevant thanks Jay who do we have next
almond my brother this was on Top This was top grade hallucinogenic and then
wow a whole bunch of the stuff going on there fantastic daughter Dr bitter
brains I can't agree with you more Dr bitter brains if I can intoxicate you
oh if we can work on this together back and forth don't think that I'm not loving it right don't think it doesn't
it doesn't do me you know what I mean this is the this is the way that you get
there love it and finally we have one more I think this is from Misty
it's one month ago but I think it it deserves our note here not sure how it
got here intrigued may my Awakening continue
and you know you're in the right place you know you're in the right place when people are intrigued and talk about
Awakening as soon as somebody talks about Awakening I'm there right love that anytime those eyes can be opened
right it's a good thing reason is a good good thing fantastic tonight I also want to bring
you a question in order to do that we are going to
have a new approach a new approach I know I'm throwing a lot of new things at
you there but I want you to have a variety so I'm going to answer a question this is a new segment we're
doing and we're going to employ both good cop and bad cop hit it Chewie yeah
yeah questions of the day questions of the day
very dramatic okay so our question for today take it down Chewie question for
today is hahaha
did Jesus exists
yeah did Jesus exist
good cop what do you think I thank your honor
that Jesus was only as real as the naked boy with whom he was
arrested yeah yeah bad cop you want to say
yeah yeah I do want to say hey Harvard Princeton Stanford Yale
you failed you failed miserably you've got a group of people asking
questions did he exist did Julius Caesar exist
do I care about your questions Academia you have a whole you have a
whole debate right now you've got they give themselves names because this this is what academics have
time for clowning [Music] mythicists I'm a mythicist you're
nothing you're nothing is that too much a little too much
Bangkok yeah um yeah uh you know it's Jesus
real does it matter does it matter to that naked kid he was arrested with
it doesn't matter right yeah yeah we want to see who is there
and we are seeing through the text and that's what I want you to have are the
texts so I want to ease Us in to the place that we're going tonight did you
see how I already had the ship on we're we're already out there you know
what I mean um and let's slide ourselves in
with a little bit just a little bit of the breaking of the
fairy tale just hang in there with me [Music]
memory is a funny thing plays tricks sometimes and it lies out right of the
times thank you it'll tell you that bad times were good
and good times were bad it'll tell you that black was white
you can close the door on the ones you don't like change them around and make
the wrong right
but you can't ever trust them to tell the truth and sometimes I like them to
lie and so I remember you
just the way I want to
not the way you really were [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
so we're in that world I'm coming to here we are everybody out ships landed
right here we are where did I take you today right we're gonna we're gonna bring up pindar and you're gonna see
something that nobody else has ever seen yeah let me just say that I can assert
that you people know me you know how true I am
to the science and the reason if it doesn't fit the reason
there's no reason to have it yeah isn't that nice
if it doesn't fit the reason there's no reason to have it yup so that's our measure this is the
museum right and tonight I'm going to bring you the name of Jesus I'm going to
bring you the name of Jesus I am and we are also going
to do something maybe that you haven't ever seen before we're going to take a
look at this lady Babylon
professionally we're going to bring you her song we're going to bring you her
song so I'm what am I doing all right oh here it comes can you feel Here Comes
Pandora come here buddy have a seat I have a seat what I need from you are
some verses I need some verses some kind of Song Tender I need some verses and I need to
put those together like this Roman woman showed me this Ramen woman showed me how to do
this put these verses together in order to complete the song that is hidden Within
it's a religious thing yeah and if you're into codes it's a
beautiful way to fly on your orphic wings love it so we've got another video here
for you and I want you to realize that these are pandark verse
right this is my translation that follows in English
and we are looking to resurrect lady Babylon let's take a look at her
chewy hit it please
[Music]
foreign [Music]
mm-hmm [Music]
[Laughter] [Music]
[Music] a record of the prophecy
of Medea yeah and we're going to look at a couple of
lines of it I know we've talked before and we've had pindar here and everybody loves pindar right
there's no reason not to and what I'd like to do is I'd like to show you to take you in kind of focus
why don't you bring up that Greek text just let people appreciate it I'm going to be reading and translating to you
as we go along yes
I want you to notice that we are talking about the Medea
whose words were fulfilled in the 17th generation that
daughter of the one who possesses the police a tease
yes the one who possesses the fleece what does that fleece have he said I've
never I've never known the fleece or seen the fleece it has a song written on it and we're about to get acquainted
with that song thank you Zane by the way thank you Zane
for um for the great songs Zane Campbell great songs and
um just a little tidbit for you by the way um kudos to Zane forgetting kicked out
of are being asked not to come back to an establishment in New York that uh you
know maybe didn't appreciate songs about crystal meth you know
um but he's writing for us a song about Jesus and a naked boy
Jesus and a naked boy love it thank you Zane we're back
we're back to pindar and I want to um
reminds you all that from that mouth from that Divine mouth
that stoma comes that song that ultimately is
written is written on the skin
of RAM yeah yeah it's got a golden Fringe
it's got a golden Fringe we're going to look at it and what all of that means we're going back to the initial
we're going back to the initial mystery right we are squarely where are we
dimensionally dimensionally we're in Libya it's siwa right we're receiving that
Oracle where are we at in time
where are we at in time yeah we're right there
when it was decided that it would be given to him yeah it would be given to him and how do
we get there we have to get there with some kind of force and energy and as
everybody knows that is what that is what runs the universe that's
how magic works right there's a reason that we go to Cyprus
there's a reason because if you don't go to Cyprus if you don't go to Aphrodite none of
your none of what you're doing will get off the ground
yeah yeah gorgeous so pindar takes us there
through this Oracle right of the medwa through her Oracle
and what who does she talk about she talks about
I'm going to translate little line a couple of lines to you here yeah so they ended up
going to the fastest River this is in caucus right some of the
major places right Medea's Kingdom with these Kingdom right father's ruling
fantastic and what happens when when they go there
well foreign
[Music]
from Olympus what's happening Eddie Guinea who has the sharpest arrows
you like that sharpest arrows remember we're in Bow cultures right she
has the sharpest arrows and what does she do
she offers up a what a dappled Ry neck it's a bird it's called
a junks it's called a Young's and what is this thing you know the story of the youngs
the story of the youngs who is Youngs yeah who is Junk's daughter of Echo and
pan yeah and what does she do sings
and the witches The Witches would tie a Young's
to a four cornered Circle yeah hoop
and then play the Ry neck Play the Bird do you know what sound the
rhinoc makes we're told it sounds like a single
fluted pipe not the devil but the single
yeah isn't that nice isn't that nice and what do you make music like this for would you what do
you think Aphrodite do you think there's some aphrodisiacs involved in this process yes I told you there are more
drugs coming right what are you what do you do with this what do you do with
this you make that sound that instrument isn't that neat they
played by the way and she didn't notice the Greeks played animals
as musical instruments nice
that's that's harnessing your environment you know what I mean that's doing your thing I love it I love it and what does she do
Cyprus Aphrodite
you know she takes this bird and she ties That Bird
she ties That Bird to that four cornered hoop
creates her music and that that hope is inescapable
and our what that hoop is inescapable
yeah yeah what does she bring
she brings she brings the minatic bird
the mean attic bird remember how we looked at Bacchus and Bacchus always leads he always leads to Aphrodite
he always leads to Aphrodite here she is here she is and what is junks going to
do with that song what is Jung's going to do with that song she is going to draw
that erotic power she's going to draw that erotic power
yeah okay if you're not comfortable kitties with the witches
I have to say that's too bad that's too bad because we want the
witches here we want the witches here respond say something in the comments
please tell us if you want the witches here or not but if we've got the witches
here we're going to have to be involved in aphrodisiacs are you ready you think I'm kidding I'm just reading to you from
a text right it's not that it's not you know
incredible trickery here right um what does she do she taught
she first taught men who did Aphrodite she first taught men when she teach him
Litas prayers and what is what is an epide that's a magic song If
you don't know what an effort is I'm sorry for you and you know I'm talking about those who
haven't come to the orgia right every
frustrated unsatisfied Evangelical married woman out there I'm talking to you
yeah these are her rights this is what you have to pay
in order to get your salvation it's what you have to pay you have to
sacrifice it you have to sacrifice it
Mary tried to get the antidote to him let's try to get to the the antidote to
him right didn't take it ended up dead right
there's a reason that this involves sexuality and drugs people are saying
look sex and drugs Saxon drugs What's the sex and drugs sex and drugs is
religion yeah I know that sounds funny but sex and drugs is religion
the operation of the mystery involves sex and drugs and Jesus getting arrested with a naked
boy is not unusual yeah let's go back you don't believe me
about the drugs I know you don't but here once you teach them yeah she taught in those prayers and
those epods those magic songs those are songs that when sung can change physics
it's the only way to describe it songs that when sung can change physics
been time and space it's gorgeous love it right drawing down
the stars didn't you think they had to have an epide in order to draw down the stars
right of course you did you guys are one step ahead of me anyway it's a very intelligent group
very intelligent I can tell from your comments and why who else did she teach
she taught the so fun I Sonny done yeah asanades the son of Eason
you know who is that that is iasan yasan
yeah yeah give me the youngs pull out the yolks
before we get the drugs pull out the youngs yeah look at this people this is
gorgeous here's your rhinoc right here's your rhinoc look at number two
metaphor spell or charm oh isn't that nice isn't that nice but
look at what it says at the end of that one passionate yearning passionate yearning what does number three say
oh here we get to make fun of people who study um Aramaic and biblical studies for a
minute this is fantastic I love this where'd you come from I told you to stay in your cage metaphor spell charm
passionate yearning for oh
you want those good Tyra those good companions those women can teach you
surprised yes they weren't yeah they weren't fantastic
oh I love this did you notice that that's the thing between the pagans and
the Christians and the Orthodox Jews and the uh and the Muslims like or Taliban
or Taliban uh in Afghanistan you know the people who tend to cover up women
Splash acid on them take away their rights those kind of people you know
rape them when they're 12 but okay pay your fine and you can marry the kid
right that type right this is a goddess that doesn't
abide that type yeah you can't get to that type because
you're Taliban you can cure a Taliban did you know that you can cure an
orthodox Jew you can cure an Evangelical Christian all of them want the
apocalypse all of them yeah but you can cure them you can cure them
take them
just a little bit of rockiness there yeah we got it should we take care of it
right through an asteroid belt you know what I mean sometimes it happens sometimes it happens for those of you
who are commenting on my internet haha funny funny yes yes in fact it's the
price I pay for being up against the mountain yes but I'll take the mountain mother
any day if we have interruptions we can always come back we can always come back nothing I say is that important I assume
everybody heard the Cure so we'll go on from there fantastic
here we go tell me about drugs um yeah why did she
teach that wise Jason yeah [Music]
oh we'll get back we got some Magi running around I'm sorry there's some magicians
okay chill chill here we go why did she give these things to yasung right that
he might fool take away the
shame that Medea had in the company of her parents
oh wow that sounds that sounds like something this Prince by the way is really handsome right
he's been trained by those centaurs right you're in trouble
you're in trouble if the guy that you're dating has been trained by centaurs you got to watch
your drink all the time right watch your drink but they needed her right she's
the only one that could make this work so they needed media to do it and that's
why Cyprus is there and I promised you drugs I keep promising you drugs right come on kids
let's go into the park right I just I just realized somebody asked
about the pirate the child trafficker
right that PlayStation is a title of Aphrodite
it's a place of Aphrodite the child abductor of Aphrodite the
pirate of Aphrodite you want to read the pirate of Aphrodite the child trafficker
and what he does that mean child trafficker it means exactly what it means in the
ancient texts and the ancient texts tell us that it it's all it's all about that
taking of the youth for the sale
yeah yeah dedication dedication there wouldn't be so many of
you killing each other say the say the Watchers you wouldn't be
if you had this mystery in operation the mystery of onomia
isn't that nice in the mystery of anamia you can take
a person who might go out and do violent things to other people
yeah you can give that person into the hands
of the great Queen yeah and that person will come back having
looked into the eyes of the mother you know will come back
with an Enlightenment and eyes open eyes open
yeah and then your democracy can function right so now's the question will you
honor DK Justice let's go back to the text we're gonna beat up some Aramaic
Scholars weren't we yeah they don't have Jack right everybody out next person says the word Aramaic to me it's just
north of a it's just north of a fart of Josephus through an angel's rectum it's
just just north of that yeah so um yeah there's nothing man they're
administrative stuff inscriptions of a single letter it's definitely awful
um don't tell me that that has anything to do with it it doesn't it's fantastic where is Moses's potion
we're going to take hang on put that down cut that down for a minute
okay now we're gonna go real quick we're gonna jump Bronze Age right we're gonna
go to where Moses is sitting at the bush Moses is sitting there at the bush what
are you doing Moses he is looking at a bush that doesn't
burn it's on fire but it doesn't burn it's on fire this Burning Bush but it
doesn't burn yeah what is this thing uh-huh what does our oldest text say it
is our oldest text is Septuagint which is the native original
the Septuagint is not a translation the Septuagint says
it is the cassia yeah and what does the cassia do get this
okay you ladies love this remember this is Moses the guy who's holding up the
serpent right all that setting up the tents where you
can get the oracular word of God through your priests yeah got the burnt
altars going that guy right um
what is he doing in front of this bush what does it have to do with the serpents and all that kind of stuff well
if you just look where the classicist Harvard I'm talking to you never look
you might find in these sources like diascore these
the name Moses directly attached with the medicinal use
of the Bush that burns but is not consumed now you know look I just
stormed into your temple and took your junk I just stormed into your temple and I took your junk you know how I'm
talking to yeah what is Jehovah has to do with it cool yours right that
thing's made up from later this name is Joshua what
what I thought you said it was jehoshua Joshua
no it's not it's Jesus which is a perfectly good Greek word the
predates any sort of Hebrew that you have by 600 years at very least
if not longer as soon as you guys in linear a get your act together
and figure it out okay we'll have more data then you know that
laundry list it's not laundry list bro there's a lot there there's a lot there show us the drugs show us the drugs
almond what is he gonna do this for what is Jason gonna do this
on Aphrodite's Direction what is he gonna do he's gonna
make the mind of her mad burning
he's gonna make her mind burn at the edge of the whip whose whip is it
desire desire patho oh yeah desire you feel that you feel
that that's something new the evangelicals won't feel right I'm sorry desire
you feel that desire cause you guys think that's bad anything that has to do
with Aphrodite is bad right it took them Christians a long time right all the way up to the
Pope Gregory finally pardoned finally which Gregory the Great who finally
pardoned Mary Magdalene for having sex drugs on her using sex drugs with Jesus you mean
Jesus was using sex drugs yeah he was another question don't ask if Jesus
exists ask if Jesus used sex drugs right go find it right it's in there in
the text baby right love it love it remember pirate time right we're with
him and here we go let's get back with Aphrodite she's going to make Madea's
mind at the Lash taking the Lash of Desire
yeah she's gonna show her right she's gonna show him the way
she's gonna show Jason the way isn't that nice I love it they call her a sotela
they call her and she's about to Christ to Christ Jason
Christos or as one did from Judea who a bunch of
stoned Wiseman said this dude by the Stars
Son of God yeah yeah so he comes back
yes Christos
do you know what the difference is linguistically between Jason and Jesus
they're both titles and you know what the distances between them one vowel
one vowel and we know when it comes to using roots in classical philology the vowels do not
matter they are what focuses the root
Continental root you can tune you can tune with the vowels the
difference between Jason and Jesus is a dialectical difference it's the
drift of the Greek over time it's exactly what he should be called right you didn't realize that he also
was a goddess some of you are into the more esoteric
content of antiquity so bro you already knew that right you're looking at that healer
you're looking at that healer who else has the title of Jesus
you know who has the title of Jesus here it comes Here Comes are you ready
who do you call of the Greek gods of the Jesus
yeah I'm not kidding I'm not kidding who do you call the Jesus
who do you call that savior uh-huh guess what guess who bears that
badge of that healer of that healer who has that power
through the communion who has that who is that it's Athena
are you surprised the virgin yeah
she is the Jesus what is Jesus doing he's just operating within a cult
mystery it's nothing exotic it's happening all over the place
right right did you notice the Romans weren't surprised she knows the Romans weren't surprised
they were like oh my God we have religious fanatics on our hands
no because herod's sitting there with Salome which thanks to one couple of my
students we know is now a drug formula
okay so wait a minute it's too many too many drugs I'm about to come to the text this talks about her what is she oh what
is she doing careful there chewy what is she doing
this is what the queen is doing right urania this is what she's doing
right the Muse that writes this is what she is doing Aphrodite
you say do you really need the sex in your religion yeah you do or the mystery
doesn't work right here we go Aphrodite is their forming the drugs
adding them to the oil drugs that are on titoma
antitama it's one of the earliest words
for antidote I've got several words for antidotes and drugs if you could find
antitoma it's the anti-cutting or it's the cutting that's in the opposite
direction isn't that nice isn't that nice now this happens to be hesitius he defines it for
us look what are you doing here see it's good to see you man you kind of smell a little bit but
you know all those hours sitting sitting right in your Lexicon get all sweaty
britches sweaty Fatima Khan what is what is that
Aphrodite is giving to Jason to use them what are these things the Fatima con
antipathas they're they're drugs that are meant to balance
meant to balance the pain or the suffering isn't that nice they're the antipathies
bring that up and whoever whoever drinks these whoever uses these
is injured by no one it's an Alexa pharmacon he says good it's an Alexa
pharmacon what's an Alexa Pharmaca Alexa Pharmaca are drugs that are used
as antidotes yeah they are healers Alexi Cocos they
say they push away or avert evil they
avert evil so if you get bitten you need an Alexa pharmacon to be able
to get through the symptoms that you're about to suffer right a balancing you
need a balancing the priests are the ones that are having all of this knowledge and using it right there's no
distinction between the priests and or priestesses and Physicians
right the Divine physician
I love it love it love it okay I'm going to read you a little bit more from Pandora now we're going a little bit
long um what is she doing she's preparing her drugs she's making the antidote and what
is it it's something that's gonna it's gonna work against this or do none against his pain
okay he's going to be coming up against fire right so something to repel that fire
and she gave it to him for what
for his Christ thing this is not anointing for his christing
you can rub oil over anybody that you want but that is not Christ thing when you
get christed you get stung you get stung into the madness
why does she have to do that because she's using it on the medwa to get her to help the iosan
yes isn't that nice the gods always making things work love it love it and
so what happens what happens oh this is beautiful you you love this
um she cries them right right okay and um what happens when people get
christed he says right in the next very next line
very next words son
or Gammon I heard I heard something gametic is going on
right comedic somebody is falling doing something
whoo coin on Mutual
they're going into that glue gun that sweet Place mixing a lay
aloysi with each other in intercourse
and what do they do it on they do it on the fleece because the fleece has a golden Edge
police has a golden Edge yeah what is that fleece called
the original name for that fleece that pindar gives us isn't just the product of
fleecing it's not just text Iles right he calls it the bedding
the betting of the fleece that lamb
I am that lamb everybody says I'm that lamb and I have the flocks in my eyes and it doesn't like you what Lynn guess
what that skin is the same word in Greek that Jesus is using for that lamb
Saint John is writing for that Lamb with the flocks in his eyes with the flocks in his eyes go ahead
bring it up Romney bedspread yeah for better couch mattress
bedding oh and it's used of the Golden Fleece
yeah and what has happens on that Golden Fleece we know that what's written on it
is her song and if that song is in an ink
that contains something called The Burning purple and we know that there is a communion
that is shared between the two on the fleece
on the fleece and how does he come out of it well because of what Aphrodite gave him
he doesn't get burned up he gets his courage and he gets his
capacity to go out fulfill what she needs to be done
right yeah it was a request from era nice nice
love it love it I want to read one last line to you I had some more Greek that
I'd like to show you some definitions maybe we'll run through them but um
I just want to kind of get to to the end tonight through the fire
you know the fire did not touch him the fire did not affect him
says pindar why because of the genius
of Medea The Genius of Medea because of the
genius of Medea
she who knows all drugs in Antiquity
they'll call you a Fatima case that's just a witch right it's just a witch you
know drugs okay you know I'm better than your average Joe and you're involved in meetings
yeah meetings where you worship Aphrodite we know you guys we know you
guys get you know their sacrifices we know that you're involved with making
eunuchs we know that you're involved in sexual performance that is drug inspired we
know that we no problem with that right um but what we're interested in looking
at is where did you guys get all this stuff right where is this mystery operation
coming from it goes right back up that River fossus for those of you who knows the Adam
reference that is the place the paradise where the Ewa where she who shouts bark
us that's where she is right it was our serpent didn't belong to them
right appropriation is appropriation but goes back deep all the way through
the pulaskians love it that EPO
ah and thanks to the palm pharmacon
what is that that's the highest that's the height linguistically the highest level that we have recorded for the
witch who knows the drugs you got your thoughtama case or your Fatima chaos and
you have depending on where you're from and you have your um you have your Polo Pharma con
the the state of knowing many drugs which is a step above that regular witch
you better watch out for her she's doing stuff like castrating people and you know
[Music] you know for what lack of a better word is you know experimentation
you know a lot of psychedelic stuff we don't have her anymore right we don't have that polypharmacon anymore
we don't have but there's one step above that and that's the palm pharmacon
that's that root pan that's everything I she is the witch that is the witchiest
yeah because that word for which doesn't come from that terrible Anglo-Saxon whatever that is
sounds like the guy had a stroke or something right
um no it's the farmak root the root it's the drugs
this is the drugs fantastic and here's the here it is skilled null charms
notice that the only reference we're going to have is the Medea right okay and despite this despite the fact that
she had the reputation as being the most advanced and ancient drug use and ritual
um despite this sh um uh she
still shined as a genius right even though even though we see it
in the context it's very foreign to us you can feel the radiation from Medea's
discoveries is what I'm trying to say This Woman This Woman was a genius a
hands down and Incredibly skilled this is Lady Babylon right this is Lady
Babylon which she was the queen of right and the founder of the medes and all you
percies all you people call yourselves Persians right it was a royal line that
came through caucus on the Black Sea you realize that right right okay
so yeah get your bearings there Magi get him in where was that word that meant
Chaldean remember one of our words was with the Chaldeans right we can't lose track of these people
these are all nations and tongues right assembled together so that the
abomination of the edemosis can be seen in the temple again
right good love it and I think we will
I've got just a couple of words for you that let me just pull out a couple of words where are some of the words too that I didn't get to
um we were at Young's yeah here's yeah here's your Pilates you want your your
Dr your true pirate right you want your true pirate look at the
very last thing that it says here at the bottom lay Stace lay Stace it's a later
word when you say Jesus wasn't a pirate you weren't thinking oh this is a later
word for a child trafficker right Associated particularly with Cyprus
you remember those pirates along the coast there solicit
it was the it was the Pirates we're in Disneyland right we're not in Disneyland
Mickey don't send you people here to beat me up but we're in metaphoricals Disneyland right isn't that amazing a
metaphor of a fantasy yeah a metaphor of a fantasy and here we
are we're on the ride but our ride is going to take us somewhere deeper it's going to take us back to real people
doing real things in a reality that you didn't understand because you were living in an
Evangelical husk that was very unsatisfying again
wives hear my voice you know what I'm talking about yeah
yeah fantastic um somebody quick stand up and be the be
the pump Pharmaca where you go ahead get that hit that one nice I just wanted you to see that Ryan who is that source that
oh never mind let's go down right here are the centaurs by the way people you know what they call them in that in that
um that the salian that is bleeding the
old old old pre-greek pulaskian roots right songs
fair fair notice that it's there ezekius
tells us that this is there and what is this there you know that it's the Beast
baby right that's where we get the theory ax what is the centaurs
what do the centaurs do PI derostea yeah you heard me you heard me pederasty
what do you think yasone was doing wait Jesus yes
what do you think he was doing pederasty why do you think he was arrested with a
naked boy he is a fair
yeah long tradition within they called it the Mysteries right
Mysteries you get there with
yasan you get there with Jesus Christos
you do and that's why we have to always answer
the question of is Jesus real with
stick it no sorry bad cop hang on with he's only as real academics it's the
naked boy with whom he was arrested yeah thank you for coming tonight
I will see you next Wednesday for a Bible study
and in the meantime enjoy your input always want to hear it trying to incorporate
bounce back and forth between what the comments we're getting live and what
we're doing so Chewie's gonna be doing that more picking out your comments than your Genius
flash up there nobody has to pay for it right
so but I want you to be a part I want you to be a part amen let's try it out can people tell me amen Everett give me
give me amen zebra hear me Congregation of Satan amen yeah hail Satan hail Satan
how's Satan right that's the audience fantastic fantastic oh yes Ryan here we go here we
go fantastic love it why why is it so important so that you
can see with open eyes so that you can see from that Throne hail Satan I will
see you all Wednesday
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] [Applause]
[Music]